Codesphere for developers
Host your app in a zero configuration cloud made for developers. With Codesphere you can go from GitHub Repo to deployment in under 5 seconds.
Coming from any other cloud provider or PaaS like Heroku, you will be surprised how easy it is to get started in Codesphere. We combine an online code editor with integrated pipelines that deploy your code to various stages in seconds. We are handling the complex DevOps for you in the background. It will feel very similar to what you are already used to from your local setup.
From our IDE however, you can deploy your projects directly allowing you to share the amazing projects you have been working on so hard.
We are convinced our product is great, and we want as many as possible to experience how a next generation cloud provider feels like. Therefore we are providing up to 3 free forever workspaces for smaller projects.
These workspaces will turn off when unused but unlike other providers - our on demand resources will boot up in seconds when someone visits the connected domain. This is perfect for your personal website or to showcase all your amazing projects.
Codesphere however can do much more than just that. Our platform is suitable to host even complex enterprise landscapes, and we make it super easy to scale if you're transitioning from hobby projects towards your first startup application or more. We have a marketplace for all the managed cloud resource needs you might have, for example you can spin up databases or custom docker images.
We know how important a thorough documentation is and we invite you to check ours out, and of course if there are any questions we take support very seriously - Since we are still a small team ourselves you will connect with former Google and SAP engineers that will help you should any issues arise.
What makes Codesphere special?
We built up the entire underlying framework from scratch, which allows us to innovate where others cannot. For example we built our own kubernetes drivers, and do not rely on others to handle infrastructure - we have our own data centers, in Germany and the US.
This enabled us to eliminate unneeded steps in the deployment process (like creating docker files) and automating necessary but complicated DevOps-processes (like building and using CI pipelines). In combination we provide a fully integrated cloud experience.